{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red246\green199\blue217;\red198\green50\blue253;\red246\green199\blue217;
\red198\green50\blue253;\red33\green255\blue6;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c97543\c82626\c87966;\cssrgb\c82670\c34053\c99466;\cssrgb\c97543\c82626\c87966;
\cssrgb\c82670\c34053\c99466;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{box\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9643 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17460\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9643 
\f0 	}
\f2\i \cf2 \cb3 23.08.23\cf0 \cb1  - created the files and the basic canvas for the \'91Works\'92 page. I think the works page is a good blank slate. I like it in \'91rosybrown\'92 but might change to a dull shade of light blue later. Just a blank page where I shall collage, throw things as I make them, even other websites. Which I will link probably using little graphics that I\'92ve made or photographs. Probably a good idea to play with font on this page so as to create interest. And to use photos and borders\'85 I\'92d like to put scholarship/essays up on this page too. Today I made the blog - page for the list of entries and page for each individual entry. I\'92ll only publish the 4 most recent entries on the site. I am really happy with the way it looks - a wacko little design. Very proud of myself for making that, and it didn\'92t take long. Gradients might be my favorite part of CSS. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9643 	}
\f2\i \cf2 \cb3 27.08.23\cf0 \cb1  - I made the home page wow! This is just the first version. One of its nice features is the navigation concept. You navigate to various pages by clicking on the letters of my first name. I\'92m proud of that. When you hover over each letter, red text in the font \'91handjet\'92 comes up at the top of the screen to let you know which page the letter links to. I like the design of the page, the colors (used a background from sadgirlonline\'92s tile bank) and the way the links are styled. My blog is linked - the only working link at the moment. I\'92ve realized I don\'92t want my \'91press\'92 so to speak on my website. I wonder which page I\'92ll create next. I have decided that I will only give users access to the immediate previous version of the website - that\'92s enough to scratch the itch. More wouldn\'92t add anything. Should I add a marquee at the bottom of the page? What would that be for? Event announcements in the future..? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u9643 	}\cf2 \cb3 28.08.23\cf0 \cb1  - Today I put a marquee on the home page with little images in it. I\'92m going to use it for announcements in the future, if I ever have anything to announce. I also made a new works page that\'92s just a list - black background with gray text (inspired by the first website on \'91Notes on Websites\'92 - tried to be functional, works page seemed to me to be what would need that most). Cute cloud bullets. I made a display for \'91Twin Flame 6 Tails\'92 and the idea is to upload it to the site in installments. On the works page, in the list, I\'92ve also got \'91jungle without the jungle,\'92  the as yet unmade short story prompt project. And a bullet titled \'91???\'92 for a poetry project. Under each bullet is a little description of what you\'92ll find if you click on it - I used descriptive lists for this. The Twin Flame 6 Tails page has that title in gunmetal glittertext very small in the top left corner. The text itself is within these overlapping lime and blue frames. I am very proud of this design. The background is rosybrown and it\'92s a sans-serif font in lavender blush. I am very impressed with myself for having created this at all, if I\'92m being perfectly honest - I think the colors and everything here are subtle and very good. At the start of each chapter is a [Chapter x] with cursive font, another decision that I am chuffed about. I think that the text is easy to read, which is of course key. Though I feel demoralized now, the fact is that I did a lot of good work today. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u9643 	}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9643 	}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9643 	}\cf4 \cb5 Future ideas:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1\i0 \cf6 \uc0\u8259 
\f2\i \cf0 	}Marquee on home page\
{\listtext	
\f1\i0 \cf6 \uc0\u8259 
\f2\i \cf0 	}Putting tiny images in marquee
\f3\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\i {\listtext	
\f1\i0 \cf6 \uc0\u8259 
\f2\i \cf0 	}Friends the tv show is good website inspiration}